Add quizzes to DFS and Flood Fill Units (#2308)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: content/3_Silver/DFS.mdx

### Problems

<Problems problems="bip" hideSuggestProblemButton />

## Quiz
<Quiz>
	<Quiz.Question>

> 		Can a DFS be used to find shortest paths in linear time?

Reviewer: i mean you can if it's a linkedlist 😆

		<Quiz.Answer>
			Yes
			<Quiz.Explanation>

> 				Incorrect. Worst case, a DFS shortest path algorithm would have to iterate through <i>every</i> path before finding the shortest. Working shortest path algorithms will be covered later in the Gold section.

Reviewer 2: No need to duplicate stuff between answers considering that all of them are shown.

			</Quiz.Explanation>
		</Quiz.Answer>
		<Quiz.Answer correct>
			No
			<Quiz.Explanation>
				Correct! Worst case, a DFS shortest path algorithm would have to iterate through <i>every</i> path before finding the shortest. Working shortest path algorithms will be covered later in the Gold section.
			</Quiz.Explanation>
		</Quiz.Answer>
	</Quiz.Question>

	<Quiz.Question>
		If a graph has two connected components, does there exist a node where we could start a DFS that visits every node in the graph?
		<Quiz.Answer>

> 			Yes

Reviewer 2: Add an explanation here with "Incorrect." for consistency.

### Problems

<Problems problems="bip" hideSuggestProblemButton />

## Quiz
<Quiz>
	<Quiz.Question>

> 		What would be a valid function header for DFS on an undirected tree to work in linear time *without* any other variables?

Reviewer: should go in tree

### Problems

<Problems problems="bip" hideSuggestProblemButton />

## Quiz
<Quiz>
	<Quiz.Question>
		What would be a valid function header for DFS on an undirected tree to work in linear time *without* any other variables?
		<Quiz.Answer correct>

> 			`void dfs(int v, int p, vector<vector<int> >& adj)`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`void dfs(int v, int p, vector<vector<int>>& adj)`
```

I don't think these spaces are necessary post C++98?

Author: honestly it's just a preference thing

			<Quiz.Explanation>
				Correct! For a tree, we do not need a visited array. We only need to check if we are revisiting the parent node, so `v` as a current node and `p` as a parent node would work.

> 				Calling `adj` as a `vector<vector<int> >&` instead of just `vector<vector<int> >` ensures that the pointer is copied over each time, which takes constant instead of linear time. Therefore, the entire DFS would take linear time.

Reviewer 2: reference isn't the same as pointer

			</Quiz.Explanation>
		</Quiz.Answer>
		<Quiz.Answer>
			`void dfs(int v, int p, vector<vector<int> > adj)`
			<Quiz.Explanation>
				Incorrect. This would not work in linear time because `adj` would be copied in $O(n)$ time every time DFS is called. As DFS is called $n$ times, this runs in $O(n^2)$.
			</Quiz.Explanation>
		</Quiz.Answer>
		<Quiz.Answer>
			`void dfs(int v, vector<vector<int> > adj)`
			<Quiz.Explanation>
				Incorrect. This DFS function cannot check for a parent node, and therefore would never terminate.
			</Quiz.Explanation>
		</Quiz.Answer>
		<Quiz.Answer>
			`void dfs(vector<vector<int> > adj)`
			<Quiz.Explanation>

> 				Incorrect. This DFS function cannot track the current node, therefore it cannot even run.

Reviewer 2: technically you could append to the adjacency list to keep track of the current state of the DFS? Probably better to use `const vector<vector<int>>& adj`

			</Quiz.Explanation>
		</Quiz.Answer>
	</Quiz.Question>
	
	<Quiz.Question>
		How is a preorder traversal found for a binary tree?
		<Quiz.Answer correct>

> 			Add the current node to the list, and then run DFS on all child nodes of the current node.

Reviewer 3: Specify the order in which you visit the child nodes

			<Quiz.Explanation>
				Correct! Adding the current node first is preorder traversal. Adding it between the two child nodes is inorder, and adding it after the two child nodes is postorder.
			</Quiz.Explanation>
		</Quiz.Answer>
		<Quiz.Answer>
			Run DFS on the left node, add the current node to the list, and then run DFS on the right node.
			<Quiz.Explanation>
				Incorrect. This is inorder traversal.
			</Quiz.Explanation>
		</Quiz.Answer>
		<Quiz.Answer>

> 			Run DFS on the right node, add the current node to the list, and then run DFS on the left node.

Reviewer 2: no this isn't inorder traversal?

Author: yeah i meant to say it's none of them

Reviewer: ?

			<Quiz.Explanation>
				Incorrect. This is inorder traversal.
			</Quiz.Explanation>
		</Quiz.Answer>
		<Quiz.Answer>
			Run DFS on all child nodes of the current node, then add the current node to the list.
			<Quiz.Explanation>
				Incorrect. This is postorder traversal.
			</Quiz.Explanation>
		</Quiz.Answer>
	</Quiz.Question>

	<Quiz.Question>

> 		If a graph has two connected components, can DFS run through all nodes at once?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		If a graph has two connected components, does there exist a node where we could start a DFS that visits every node in the graph?
```
It's unclear what you mean by DFS (I think by default, DFS generates a spanning forest)

> 		If a graph has two connected components, can DFS run through all nodes at once?

Reviewer 3: I would phrase this as a true/false question
